README.md, before:

# Project2_Digital_Divide

<Best to view this file in edit mode to see the layout>

Project Name : The Great Digital Divide

This project will examine the digital divide which refers to the gap between demographics and countries that have access to the internet

Project Team :  Andy de Wind

Purpose of the project: Extract , Transform and Load , Cleanse and Visualise data in order to answer the following questions:

    1. List of countries ranked by internet speed. Who are the leaders?
    2. Explore the demographics behind these speeds and try and find any correlations with follwoing demograpic data
        -Income per person
        -Internet user rate
        -Population
        -Urban rate of population
        -Number of ISPs
    
Method:
      1. Collect datasets that will help in answering the above questions by web scraping and download csv files from various sites (sites to be confirmed)
      2. Load downloaded csv files and scraped data into a PostGres database
      3. Clean and Transform the loaded data into separate tables using SQL and export into csv format
      4. Run flask app to scrape some data, store it in a Mongo database and display then it as is. Using links on the main web page to navigate to other web pages
         to visualise the cleansed and tranformed data.

Commit message:

Modified README file for the project

README.md, after:

# Project2_Digital_Divide

Best to view this file in edit mode to see the layout better

Project Name : The Great Digital Divide

This project will examine the digital divide which refers to the gap between demographics and countries that have access to the internet

Project Team :  Andy de Wind

Purpose of the project: Extract , Transform and Load , Cleanse and Visualise data in order to answer the following questions:

    1. List of countries ranked by internet speed. Who are the leaders?
    2. Explore the demographics behind these speeds and try and find any correlations with follwoing demograpic data
        -Income per person
        -Internet user rate
        -Population
        -Urban rate of population
        -Number of ISPs
    
Method:
      1. Collect datasets that will help in answering the above questions by web scraping and download csv files from various sites (sites to be confirmed)
      2. Load downloaded csv files and scraped data into a PostGres database
      3. Clean and Transform the loaded data into separate tables using SQL and export into csv format
      4. Run flask app to scrape some data, store it in a Mongo database and display then it as is. Using links on the main web page to navigate to other web pages
         to visualise the cleansed and tranformed data.
